[docs] Add a general description of container registers DKP (#19976)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/reference/REGISTRY_STRUCTURE.md

---
title: Container registry structure
permalink: en/reference/container-registry-structure.html
toc: false
search: container registry, image registry
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This page provides a general overview of the container image repositories used to install the Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform.

```

## Commercial editions container registry

> The registry for commercial DKP editions is available at `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ee`, `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/se`, and `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ce`. It contains modules and components available in the EE, SE, and CE editions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry contains modules and components available in the commercial DKP editions:

- EE (address `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ee`).
- SE (address `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/se`).
- CE (address `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ce`).
```

Key features:

* implements functionality according to the edition;

> * for modules analogous to those in the CSE edition, security testing is performed as part of the secure software development lifecycle;

Reviewer: We don't highlight the CSE version in the English documentation. Perhaps we should rephrase it.

---
title: Container registry structure
permalink: en/reference/container-registry-structure.html
toc: false
search: container registry, image registry
---

> This page provides a general overview of the container image registries used to install the Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page provides a general overview of the container image registries used to install the Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform (DKP).
```

> This page provides a general overview of the container image repositories used to install the Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
This page provides a general overview of the container image registries used to install the Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform.
```

## Commercial editions container registry

The registry contains modules and components available in the commercial DKP editions:

- EE (address `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ee`).
- SE (address `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/se`).
- CE (address `registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ce`).

Key features:

* implements functionality according to the edition;

> * for modules analogous to those in the CSE edition, security testing is performed as part of the secure software development lifecycle;

Author: ```suggestion
* security testing is performed as part of the secure software development lifecycle;
```

* delivered electronically.

Images are provided with [technical support](https://deckhouse.io/tech-support/), including operational consultation.

Image build and update specifics:

* built from open-source software [included in DKP](./oss_info.html):
  * from upstream (as-is);

>   * with modifications for use in DKP CSE;
>   * with deep modernization (fork).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * from upstream (as-is);
  * with deep modernization (fork).
```
